# 18F Agile Delivery Services – Booz Allen – Prototype: Label Craft

Prototype Submission URL: http://52.0.46.33:9000/

## Prototype Overview

[![Build Status](http://52.0.92.86:8080/buildStatus/icon?job=Development_FrontEnd_Builder)](http://52.0.92.86:8080/view/Development/job/Development_FrontEnd_Builder/)[![Build Status](http://52.0.92.86:8080/buildStatus/icon?job=Development_API_Builder)](http://52.0.92.86:8080/view/Development/job/Development_API_Builder/)Development Branch Server: http://52.4.69.219:9000/

[![Build Status](http://52.0.92.86:8080/buildStatus/icon?job=Release_FrontEnd_Builder)](http://52.0.92.86:8080/view/Release/job/Release_FrontEnd_Builder/)[![Build Status](http://52.0.92.86:8080/buildStatus/icon?job=Release_API_Builder)](http://52.0.92.86:8080/view/Release/job/Release_API_Builder/)Release Branch Server: http://54.175.96.243:9000/

[![Build Status](http://52.0.92.86:8080/buildStatus/icon?job=Master_FrontEnd_Builder)](http://52.0.92.86:8080/view/Master/job/Master_FrontEnd_Builder/)[![Build Status](http://52.0.92.86:8080/buildStatus/icon?job=Master_API_Builder)](http://52.0.92.86:8080/view/Master/job/Master_API_Builder/)Master Branch Server: http://52.0.46.33:9000/ or www.crowdmed.io

Label Craft is a crowd-sourcing platform for cataloging the adverse reactions
found on drug labels. This information on labels must be converted into
structured data to be able to identify whether drug labels have accurately
captured the adverse effects that end users are experiencing.

Data collected by the platform is displayed on the site for each drug and also
is made accessible via a public API for integration with third-party
applications. The Label Craft platform provides the foundation for additional
improvements to the quality of FDA data through crowd-sourcing.

Our approach taken on this challenge and the resulting outputs showcase the
value that Booz Allen brings to the 18F BPA including the following:

-   Proven Agile Delivery – Our firm’s extensive experience in the successful
    delivery of both small and large Agile programs [ensures that we will be
    successful in the BPA.]

-   A Culture of Innovation - Booz Allen's dedication to creating a culture of
    innovation resulted in formation of the Strategic Innovation Group (SIG)
    whose mission it is to ensure there is focus on innovation in all programs.

-   Experienced Staff – Booz Allen was able to quickly assemble a
    highly-skilled, cross-functional team in order to support the ADS challenge.
    We were also able to tap into a set of domain experts across the firm each
    of whom had multiple years of experience in FDA.

## Understanding:

### RFQ

We understand 18f’s goal to select a candidate to the Agile BPA to deliver
digital services and agile methodologies based on their ability to provide
appropriate resources demonstrated through a sample prototype.  We believe our
prototype is an exceptional demonstration of our ability to provide these
resources to the Agile BPA.

### Digital Services Playbook

The US Digital Services playbook provides an invaluable set of guidelines for
the delivery of digital programs. The USDS playbook includes a set of checklists
and questions we believe are intended to be answered during the execution of any
digital program.  Our responses to the checklist are contained in the artifact
linked below:

[Link to the Digital Services Checklist] (USDS\_CHECKLIST.docx)

### 18F
he 18F five key principles provide an imporant emphasis to Agile concepts aimed
to promote the success of delivery in programs, especially those for the Govt.

1.  Put the needs of users first

2.  Release early, iteratively, and often

3.  Don’t slow down delivery

4.  Only do it if it adds value

5.  Work in the open

 

Our process applied by our Agile team demonstated each of these principles.  Our
ux team constructed user personas and conducted numerous usability tests to
ensure the product addressed user needs.  We assigned a product owner to assess
the value of each feature.  Our DevOps team deployed the software to servers
continously and automatically.  Our Delivery Manager tracked blockers and worked
to resolve them.  Finally, the efforts of all our team members can be seen
clearly in our GitHub repository and the artifacts uploaded to the corresponding
wiki.

  
For a more detailed mapping of our process to the 18F tenets, see the artifact
below:

[Link to 18F Tenets] (18F\_TENETS.md)



### Architecture/Tools

Instructions to build the software are provided in the artifact below:

[Build Instructions] (Link to INSTALL.md)

 

Our architecture consists of a modern technology stack that reflect current best
practices for web application development.  The selection of technologies was
driven by the following value propositions:

-   Support for multiple cloud environments through Docker and Docker Machine

-   Technologies appropriate for task (Ruby for backend, Angular for Front-End
    Single-Page-App (SPA))

-   DevOps Best Practices - Configuration Management using GitFlow

-   Security – Sophos Firewall, AWS VPC and Security Groups


![Application Stack](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/8406690/8394816/b3587f9a-1d17-11e5-9292-16c2fd68e51b.png)


For more information on our architecture, see the artifact below:

[Link to Architecture Image] (https://github.com/booz-allen-agile-delivery/ads-final/wiki/Architecture-Diagrams)

### Open Source Usage:

 

[Open Source License] (Link to OPEN\_SOURCE\_LICENSE.md)

All of the software that we used.

 

### Evidence

We met each of the attachment E criteria. This and supporting evidence are
linked here.

[Link to Attachment E] (ATTACHMENT-E.xls)
